I'm just gonna experiment with something
just no no basically whenever anybody
sends me mad lines that I should look
into in my dad's that people would like
to see that he was on sometimes when I
go in and do my research and to them I
realize that their entire story can be
summed up in about 3 or 5 minutes so
there's not enough there to really make
a full-length you know episode of
absolute mad lads so these guys usually
just get sat and a little pale at the
side and forgotten about and I think
that's a shame because some of these
guys definitely are mad lads there's
just not enough there to make a feel
properly episode so what I have decided
to do instead is combine you know maybe
about three or four of these mad lads
and to just one bug video so you still
get a full length episodes of absolute
mad lads
you just get three or four madlife's per
episodes and I have to say that you Cola
absolute Mad Libs many's absolute many
lives many absolute mild lads
absolute mad lights many's I I'm an
imaginative [__]
so these episodes are going to contain
about three or four of these mad lads
whose events are very mad but the
stories are very short so here we go
heroes here is episode one which is just
a complete [__] mash mash of my lads
that I chose completely at random
going forward I should probably stick
with a theme for each episode but you
know this is brand-new I'll do it on the
job here we go
[Music]
but before we get into the many
Martland a big thank you to the sponsors
of this video north VPN who I enjoyed
very much because they are very Pro
freedom of speech and very anti
censorship not VPN has over 5500
super-fast sales in 60 countries 24/7
customer support and protection they are
well using public Wi-Fi has doubled it
encryption for increased anonymity
unlimited bandwidth and FLT day
money-back guarantee all of these
amazing things are why not VPN was
awarded best VPN and the 2019 and 2020
best VPN awards you can use it to keep
your personal data safe while browsing
online or to access things you usually
couldn't in your country for example the
USA's bet on Netflix election or things
that your authority lien government
doesn't want you to see I mean it
literally says walks even and China
you know white white nods nudge and
right now you can get not VPN at 70% off
plus an additional month free if you
click my link below not VPN comm slash
D'Angela
that's not VPN comm slash D'Angela
and use code dan Kela Habibi please
click the link first up we have a man
named Andrew Shannon who in 2012 was
attending the National Gallery and
Dublin Ireland because he was a shall we
see a little bit of an art enthusiast
Shannon wand of the gallery looking at
all of the paintings until he found
himself standing in front of a
particular painting Argentine Basin with
a single sale bow painted by none other
than Monet suddenly according to Shannon
he felt like he was having a heart
attack and out of everywhere he could
have fall and he unfortunately failed
and in the direction of the painting and
unfortunately and what many people
believe to be unusual behavior for
someone having a heart attack as he was
four
he swung a punch at the painting put in
his hand right through the [__]
canvas which was a little bit of a shame
because the painting at the time was
valued at 8 million pounds and because
of the extreme value of the painting the
National Gallery called the police who
arrived on the scene and interviewed
Chanin and Shannon said to them look
boys I thought I was having a heart
attack
clearly I'm fading now but at the time I
thought I was having a heart attack and
I was losing my balance and so in order
to regain my balance as I was falling I
swung a punch at the painting because
that makes sense
you know whenever whenever you feel
yourself losing your balance and you're
about to fall over you don't just sort
of trying you know cushion your blow on
the ground or reach out and grab
something instead you punch something so
there you go if you if you ever feel
yourself falling over punch the nearest
thing to you even if it's a person the
police however did not believe this
version of events and they decided to do
a little bit of investigating and after
the police's investigation they looked
into Shannon's history and discovered
that he actually had a quite a long
history of criminal activity involving
art and other antiquities crimes that he
had been caught and sentenced for on
many occasions and because this painting
was currently under the care of the
National Gallery state-run the police
believe that Shannon came to this
gallery pretended to have a heart attack
punched the painting basically he
thought he was going to absolve himself
of any wrongdoing and the gallery would
have to cover the cost you know the
state would have to cover the cost of
the painting so the police theorized
that Shannon did this as a way to get
back at the state for all of his
previous arrests and convictions and
what cemented this theory even father is
when the paramedics came to check
Shannon they found no evidence
whatsoever of a heart attack and also
when the police searched Shannon
found the bottle of paint strip off and
his pocket you know sir
it's a player weird thing to bring to an
art gallery after Shannon was arrested
the police decided to go and search his
house and upon searching his house they
discovered very very many paintings
artworks antiques and other antiquities
all of which was stolen and valued that
more than 100,000 euros Shannon was
sentenced to six years and present the
next mark life is someone that are
actually identify F on a very deep and
personal level
we've all had Shetty jobs all of us
we've all had [__] Shetty jobs I've
gotten so many [__] cops on us and
add that a sexier sentence inter-school
rate with all what really Shetty jobs
but what can make a shitty job even
share as a Shetty boss and I've had my
[__] feel shitty Shetty bosses even
if our job is a [__] great job a
Shetty boss can make that enter a Shetty
job I could even have a job as a cat get
all pissy tests on and my boss is Shetty
I'm probably gonna quit but see when you
quit jobs like that one would you have
just an absolute scumbag of a boss ah
the feeling the feeling of doing
something like that is [__] fantastic
I remembered in one job I was and I had
an absolute [__] working of a boss and
what I decided to do I knew I was
leaving he doesn't I decided to take all
of the overtime for the following week
and he was like oh [__] it's a bit Amy
started pulling your weight Rome - you
[__] prick and then the day before
that week was due to start when I had
all of the overtime I walked into his
office and handed him my immediate
resignation but I was so mad he was so
[__] mind
he was walking behind me cussing me to
high heaven as I walked out the buildin
that look of just absolute [__]
age on his face outrage like no other it
was a tape arrangement because it was so
extreme that because he knew there was
no way he could get back at me no I've
had quite I'd quite I was going what was
going to do rape me up fire me I quit
and that was what made him so angry he
realized that there was nothing he could
do
I've got the best of them and there was
nothing he could do her voter ID no in
again when I feel like I need cheering
up
I just think back at that look on his
face lovely and to all of the Copeland
tasks or managers who for six years
constantly gave me [__] for my piercings
and tattoos and actually made fun of my
appearance to other managers behind my
bike see this is the part where I would
usually flex on you I just think it's a
little bit unfair it flakes on at a
school manager we got very off track now
I've just walked a lot of shitty jobs
and had a lot of shaky bosses but to get
back on point the next mod lad there's a
man called Joey DiFrancesco
who for three years had walked on a job
in a hotel and he absolutely [__]
hated it and he absolutely [__] hated
his bosses has both hated him and he
hated his boss enjoy would very often
fantasize about what it would be like to
quit his bosses face and spectacular
fashion and then one day Joey got the
balls to actually do it so he propelled
his resignation layer and then he snuck
his friends band and to the hotel and
what happened next was just [__]
spectacular
Oh guys what is this guy's hold you out
right now Jan I'm here to tell you that
I'm quitting
[Music]
can you imagine how [__] satisfying
that must have failed I feel satisfied
just watching her that's actually means
me of another similar story I was only
going to do three mad nods in this video
but you know what [__] it you can hope
for it was a man called a Steven Slater
who was a flight attendant for JetBlue
and his story started when the plane he
was walking on had just landed and was
taxiing off the runway and one of the
passengers had gotten up while the plane
was taxiing and was trying to take a
luggage out of the overhead when she was
supposed to remain an Aussie according
to Steven he approached the women and
told her that she couldn't do that
because the plane was still taxiing so
she would have to put her luggage back
and retake her seat the woman then
apparently yelled a bunch of expletives
at Steven and then hit him with one of
our bags
Steven then walks up to the planes
broadcast system you know the thing they
used together known smiths to the
passengers and he decides to deliver his
own little broadcast which I believe
went something like [__] every single
one of you [__] this plane [__] the
passengers [__] this job I've been in
this business for 20 [__] years I'm
[__] done [__] you of course I'm
paraphrasing
he then grabs two beers from the planes
fridge opens the planes door deploys the
planes emergency evacuation slate and
then jumps down the slide drinking both
of the beers like Stone Cold Steve
Austin
this method of quitting although [__]
funny unfortunately was illegal and
Stephen was arrested and charged with
criminal mischief and reckless
endangerment but he accepted a plea deal
so he was only sentenced to community
service and probation I know but on to
the last many my lad of absolute mad lad
many's many's mad lads episode one mans
a man named Mark Goddard who for 16
years had suffered constant chronic pain
and his hand due to nail damaged the he
sustained
than a motorcycle accident he was on in
1998 the pain was excruciating and it
was 24 hours a day he couldn't function
properly it couldn't sleep it was
constantly nagging and it was severely I
think that he's mental health but
anytime he went to the doctors they
would just give him a [__] ton of
painkillers and send him to a shrink
they weren't really offering any
permanent solutions to actually fix his
problem being in constant pain for 16
years had such a severe mental effect on
God of that one day he just turned
around and asked the doctors to amputate
his hand he just says just just take the
thing right [__] off and it will
solve all of my [__] problems but
sadly the doctors refused boy I wonder
what happened next
and there's episode of absolute mad labs
where we have a long history of talking
about absolutely mad lads or women doing
absolutely mad things boy oh boy I
wonder what this man did when he wanted
his hand cough but the doctors wouldn't
do it for him don't worry boys I'm not
going to spoil the surprise God then
started building a homemade guillotine
and his back garden that was made of
Springs levels an old fence post and a
big [__] axe and it was designed so
that when the machine was triggered the
axe would come flying down and would
chop God's hand right off so when the
day finally came mark God made sure that
none of his family were around he made a
point of air sending them out on errands
and making sure that all of them were
out of the house so that he'd have some
some privacy you know men men like to
have a little bit of a long time to do
things like a go out into the back
garden put your arm in a [__]
guillotine pull the lever and watch that
axe come rate the [__] down which is
exactly what God Abed but there was just
one small problem the axe wasn't exactly
properly on target so only took his hand
off three quarters of the way and they
had to do the rest himself with the
knife there was just one little problem
left no mark God obviously has just
chopped his own [__] hand off and
he's obviously going to need medical
attention but he knows that as soon as
he goes to the hospital they'll just
gonna saw the hand back on but God does
a smart cooking you know by
self-mutilation standards and he knew
that they were going to do that so he
planned ahead so before he chopped his
hand off he made sure he had a little
pet fire then he's back Galvan and as
soon as he got the hand filly off he
threw it in the fire and created that
they to make sure that the doctor said
wouldn't be able to stitch it back on he
he really [__] hated that hand by the
time God got to hospital he'd already
lost two paints a blood but the doctors
managed to he saw the wind up stopped
the blood loss in Marco that was
absolutely fine as funny as he could be
under the circumstances then obviously I
couldn't reattach the hand because it's
a pail of [__] ashes
so mark God had done what he set out to
do something I don't feel I would have
been able to do he managed to chop his
own [__] hand off and throw it in a
[__] fire all of this to stop the
constant chronic pain that he had been
in for 16 years mother was just one
lower problem it doesn't stop the pain
at all ah it turns out that the source
of his a chronic pain was due to nail
damage not just in his hand as his hand
obviously you know felt pain - it's just
the hands of a lot more sensitive than
the rest of the arm it turns out that
it's this whole [__] arm so the pain
play most didn't change at all in fact
he no feel like he was on morphine from
chop his hand off so mark Gordo's hazard
the levels an ultimatum to the NHS he
has asked them to cut off the rest of
his arm up
the elbow and he said that if they don't
do it he's gonna do it himself and and
the thing is that's not an idle threat
you know we know the man who [__] do
it but since that time I haven't seen
any mention of them in the papers I
couldn't find anything online so I
though the NHS amputated his arm or he
just accepted that you know hopefully we
won't hear from him again you know
hopefully not okay so that's the end of
episode 1 of this experiment I just feel
that this is a good method to get the
mad lads who stories aren't long enough
for I mean feature-length episode of mad
lives you know it's a good place to put
them into make sure these guys stories
are still being talked you know it's
consider this this is a spin-off to the
main absolute mad lads you know this is
their this is the st. batch - absolute
mad lads you know this first episode was
just a mishmash you know it could be it
could be anything it could be the guys
quitting the job and self-mutilate in
order it could be warlords or soldiers
from walls and stuff like that you know
it could be anything it's gonna be like
mad lads it could be anyone the only
room as they have to be mad so if you
enjoyed this a new Saint series of mad
lads this series can be constructive
they're mad lads say fetch then you can
like this video and subscribe to my
channel and leave a comment down below
giving me suggestions for many mild lads
you can tell me what you thought of the
video you could tell me the size of your
penis you could tell me your deepest
darkest hopes feels and desires you
could even tell me your mum's phone
number and I can tell how the size of my
penis okay
many mild lads episode one as I go as I
know let me know no [__] off also go and
subscribe to my second channel leg
upload on they're actually quite
regularly you know like a couple times a
week and I've also started a streaming
games on there as well you know uh a lot
of people don't actually know that I've
got a second channel so yeah going go
and subscribe to
Machop thank you on YouTube her vices
subscribe
[Music]
you